Most important question of all, what feelings do
you hold in your heart for A&M today?
I was expecting that one, of course, eventually
because of the discussion Saturday, but there's
just no feeling like it. I'll always be grateful
that I went there and thankful that I went there.
Grateful for the education, not in an academic
sense, But the growth that I had that started there
was nurtured in the military and then matured when
I came back. The things that Anna has given me that I
could never, ever have expected to have happen,
the presidency of the association, the buster
speak here once, poor job, but nonetheless did it.
and then a graduation speaker.
Ed Cooper, I always felt, one of the reasons I felt
so close to Jack is that he instigated my selection
as a graduation speaker. He insisted it was never
him, but it was Ed Cooper, so I mean, I'll accept Ed
Cooper, he's a good guy too. But between them, that
was a, One of the, just, well, just something
don't, few people have an opportunity to do. You
know, something I never
would have expected. You can't, you can't,
there's just a debt there that you can never pay.
Alright, what have I failed to ask about, to
prompt? Well, in those years, I can't think of, I
don't know. No student years. What else can we put
in here about the student
years? Obviously friends that you made, many of
them stayed friends. We still see each other at
reunions and don't see enough. That's life.
That's the way it is.
I think any problems that were there were probably
self-created. I don't think that I can blame
anything that happened on anybody but myself if
there were any, whatever negatives were there.
And hopefully they've all, anything that was bad
that's been whitewashed by now. And it's just a
tremendous, I don't know what else to tell you.
Now, and there were no incidents, no tragedies
that I can think of, any events, any fires, any?
There was a couple of events back when I was a
student that I had forgotten about. One time, we
marched on the President's home. It was in the old
President's home, across from the fountain. And
we were objecting to something, probably the
erosion of senior privileges. And I wasn't a
senior then, so I don't really remember what it
was. I think it had to do with his decision that all
hazing etc would stop on a certain date? Well yeah
and they took a lot of so-called senior privileges
away and we didn't they didn't like that so of
course we all marched over there and did riot. I
mentioned this Saturday to Carkey and she said
well you were among the first sit-ins and didn't
know it and I guess we were and then we also went down
to the then the administration building where the
president had his office, and now the Jack K.
Williams building, I'm proud to say. And we slept
there one night, as I mentioned to you. We were
objecting to probably again, oh, I think the first
time was the fact that we were going to put freshmen
at Bryan Field. It might have been it. I don't
remember. Sure. What was the president's
reaction to your report? Well, he came out and said
something to us, and we went back to the dorm. I
don't know. It might have been, too, that Colonel
Malloy came out and said, get your panties back to
the gun, too. I don't remember that either. Then
when we went to the administration building, we
actually spent the whole night there. And I slept
on one of those steps going up to the president's
office. I slept very well. And we made class the
next morning, for sure. There was a newspaper
article on that in the Houston section of the
Chronicle or anyway, Houston Press is where it
was. My picture was in there with some kind of
quote, which I also sent to the court center for
their archives. I don't remember what it said
anymore.
Do you think of any other topics that we want to
include about your student days?
No, but I'd
like to think I'd do it all over again if I had to give
any opportunity. There are very little things I
would change. Obviously, I always think of
something, but I know I could think of things I
would change, but not an awful lot. It was just a
wonderful year and wonderful experience. That's
great.